---
layout: 		default-post
page-class: 	page-event article
categories: 	event
title:  		"MVBC 24 Hour Basketball Marathon 2016!"
description:	24 Hour Basketball Marathon 2016 was held at Belhar Sports Complex.
date:   		2016-04-22
thumb: 			event/thumbs/24hour.jpg
---

<h2>24 Hour Basketball Marathon 2016</h2>

<p>The Montana Vikings Basketball Club (MVBC) 24 Hour Basketball Marathon is an event where all members of the club get together to participate in basketball themed activities continuously for 24 hours. The idea behind the event was to create an environment where the entire club could get together and do the thing we love most – play basketball. Throughout the course of the event members from across all age groups team up to compete for 20 minute periods, resulting in scenarios where under 12 girls end up sharing the court with players from our senior men’s teams. Due to the fact that this event focuses more on the fun aspect than the winning, these moments become quite special for our juniors who aspire to become great basketball players one day!</p>

<p>At MVBC, we use every club event to deliver a positive message, and impart valuable life skills to our juniors. These are in the form of social awareness sessions, talks from our seniors about their life experiences, and sessions from external community organisations.</p>

<p>The event has grown tremendously since its inception in 2000, and with a club membership of 120 active players, along with parents, friends and non-playing members, we have been able to generate hype around the event. In 2012 and 2013 &amp; 2016 KFM covered the event, and in the past we’ve had Hectic99 presenters covering it as well.</p>